DRQPatternAttack.py
===================

This is a simulator for the (semantic) intersection attack on the DNS Range
Query algorithm, as proposed by Zhao et al.

It requires a dataset generated by [DNSPatternFinder.py](https://github.com/Semantic-IA/DNSPatternFinder).

More details on the program will be added closer to public release.

# Usage

    usage: DRQPatternAttack.py [-h] [-m {1,2,3,4,5,6}] [-s NUM] [-c CNT]
                               [-p PARTITION] [-t THREADS] [--target url | --all]
                               [--stat] [-v | -q] [--version]
                               file

    positional arguments:
      file                  select pattern file.

    optional arguments:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      -m {1,2,3,4,5,6}, --mode {1,2,3,4,5,6}
                            Enable a specific mode of operation. See below for
                            possible options. [default 1]
      -s NUM, --size NUM    Size of the range query [default 50]
      -c CNT, --count CNT   Number of random targets to be tried [default 50]
      -p PARTITION, --partition PARTITION
                            Number of Queries the Client should be allowed to use
                            [default -1 for all queries]
      -t THREADS, --threads THREADS
                            Number of Threads used for processing [default 1]
      --target url          Attack this domain
      --all                 Attack all possible targets (may take a long time).
                            Implies -q, --stat
      --stat                Show statistics about the accuracy of the algorithm
      -v, --verbose         enable verbose output (show more information).
      -q, --quiet           enable quiet mode.
      --version             show program's version number and exit

    Modes of Operation:
      1) No distinguishable Blocks 		- Random Generation
      2) Distinguishable first Block 	- Random Generation
      3) Fully distinguishable Blocks 	- Random Generation
      4) No distinguishable Blocks 		- Pattern-based generation
      5) Distinguishable first Block 	- Pattern-based generation
      6) Fully distinguishable Blocks 	- Pattern-based generation

      Please consult the paper to find more information about the modes
